Eligibility Criteria:


ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA FOR Chandranahan Lake Trek

Please read carefully the following criteria before registering for the trek.


    BMI upper limit is 28. Please calculate your BMI here. Your BMI will be checked at the base camp again.
    Age criteria. Those above 50 have to show proof of current fitness before registration (In case of any queries, call us on 9816722069).
    Lower age limit is 8 years.
    Fitness requirement: A trek requires considerable preparation. We expect trekkers to prepare well for a trek.

Expected preparation guidelines:

    For those below 45: Should be able to jog a distance of 5 km in 35 mins, 4 times a week.
    For those above 45: Brisk walk at the speed of 9 minutes per kilometer.
    Must be able to cover 3 km in 27 mins.
    If you need help with preparation please talk to us before registering. Call us on 9816722069.

Cancellation Policy:

    Cancellation: If a trek is canceled at the last minute due to a natural disaster or unforeseeable circumstances (such as floods, earthquakes, landslides, attack, or bandh), Hike In Himalaya will have a trek voucher for the full amount. The voucher can be used for the same or a different trek over the next year.
    In case you wish to cancel the trek, then please be aware of these things:

    Cancellations made within 30 days of the trek's launch date will include a complete refund.
    If you cancel within 30 and 20 days before the hike, you will get a 50% refund.
    There will be no refund if you cancel less than 20 days before the trek begins.

    Please keep in mind that if you get a refund, there will be a reduction of 4% (Cancellation charges) from the overall amount you pay. In addition, if you purchased trek insurance, you would not get a refund.
    Hike In Himalaya assumes no responsibility for any malfunction or injury to your clothes, supplies, or other belongings while on the trek. The trek fee covers all expenses associated with the trek from start to finish.
